README.md, before:


# Misael's F. End Learning Day-02 - "CV ATS Web Page part-02"

Hello... 😃👋🏻  
It's me Misael Randy Limpaty (ElMyosotisCode) your future Front End Developer Expert.

This project is the continuation of "ATS Based CV".

In this project I added all of content, text, and paragraph I want to show in my CV. ✌

--

What I learned in this project is how to use semantic HTML tags to make my web page more accessible and SEO friendly.
Also I learned how to use `aria` attributes to make my web page more accessible for screen readers.

## Screenshots

![Web Page Screenshot 01](https://github.com/ElMyosotisCode/webdev-lrn-fe-002-cv-html-semantic/blob/main/images/webpage-screenshot-01.JPG)

![Web Page Screenshot 02](https://github.com/ElMyosotisCode/webdev-lrn-fe-002-cv-html-semantic/blob/main/images/webpage-screenshot-02.JPG)

![Web Page Screenshot 03](https://github.com/ElMyosotisCode/webdev-lrn-fe-002-cv-html-semantic/blob/main/images/webpage-screenshot-03.JPG)

## Roadmap

So far here are my plan in this project  
*May change in the future

- ☑ **HTML** | Base structure

- ☑ **HTML** | Every section's content

- ☑ **HTML** | Opening tags attributes for easier CSS modification

- ☑ **HTML** | Aria accessibility

- ⬜ **CSS** | Content styling

- ⬜ **CSS** | Content placement

- ⬜ **CSS** | Hover animation for anchor-link

- ⬜ **CSS** | Card view box model

Commit message:

Update README.md v.0.01
I did a minor addition in README text, which is:
-  Overview of the session learning module

README.md, after:


# Misael's F. End Learning Day-02 - "CV ATS Web Page part-02"

Hello... 😃👋🏻  
It's me Misael Randy Limpaty (ElMyosotisCode) your future Front End Developer Expert.

This project is the continuation of "ATS Based CV".

In this project I added all of content, text, and paragraph I want to show in my CV. ✌

--

## Learning Module Session 2 -> HTML Semantics (Elements and Core Attributes)

In this session, I learned about the importance of using semantic HTML elements to improve accessibility and SEO, such as:
- HTML Semantic Elements (header, footer, article, section, nav, aside)
- HTML Core Attributes (id, class, style, title)
- HTML Accessibility (using `aria` attributes for better screen reader support)

## Screenshots

![Web Page Screenshot 01](https://github.com/ElMyosotisCode/webdev-lrn-fe-002-cv-html-semantic/blob/main/images/webpage-screenshot-01.JPG)

![Web Page Screenshot 02](https://github.com/ElMyosotisCode/webdev-lrn-fe-002-cv-html-semantic/blob/main/images/webpage-screenshot-02.JPG)

![Web Page Screenshot 03](https://github.com/ElMyosotisCode/webdev-lrn-fe-002-cv-html-semantic/blob/main/images/webpage-screenshot-03.JPG)

## Roadmap

So far here are my plan in this project  
*May change in the future

- ☑ **HTML** | Base structure

- ☑ **HTML** | Every section's content

- ☑ **HTML** | Opening tags attributes for easier CSS modification

- ☑ **HTML** | Aria accessibility

- ⬜ **CSS** | Content styling

- ⬜ **CSS** | Content placement

- ⬜ **CSS** | Hover animation for anchor-link

- ⬜ **CSS** | Card view box model
